Docs(Auth): Add switching auth flow documentation (#4834)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/auth/android/switch-auth/switch-auth.mdx

`AWSCognitoAuthPlugin` allows you to switch between different auth flows while initiating signIn. You can configure the flow in the `amplifyconfiguration.json` file or pass the `authFlowType` as a runtime parameter to the `signIn` api call.

For client side authentication there are four different flows that can be configured during runtime:

> 1. `userSRP`: The `userSRP` flow uses the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol" target="_blank">SRP protocol (Secure Remote Password)</a> where the password never leaves the client and is unknown to the server. This is the recommended flow and is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `USER_SRP_AUTH`: The `USER_SRP_AUTH` flow uses the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol" target="_blank">SRP protocol (Secure Remote Password)</a> where the password never leaves the client and is unknown to the server. This is the recommended flow and is used by default.
```

> 2. `userPassword`: The `userPassword` flow will send user credentials unencrypted to the back-end. If you want to migrate users to Cognito using the "Migration" trigger and avoid forcing users to reset their passwords, you will need to use this authentication type because the Lambda function invoked by the trigger needs to verify the supplied credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `USER_PASSWORD_AUTH`: The `USER_PASSWORD_AUTH` flow will send user credentials unencrypted to the back-end. If you want to migrate users to Cognito using the "Migration" trigger and avoid forcing users to reset their passwords, you will need to use this authentication type because the Lambda function invoked by the trigger needs to verify the supplied credentials.
```

Author: resolved

3. `customWithSRP`: The `customWithSRP` flow is used to start with SRP authentication and then switch to custom authentication. This is useful if you want to use SRP for the initial authentication and then use custom authentication for subsequent authentication attempts.

4. `customWithoutSRP`: The `customWithoutSRP` flow is used to start authentication flow **WITHOUT** SRP and then use a series of challenge and response cycles that can be customized to meet different requirements.

`Auth` can be configured to use the different flows at runtime by calling `signIn` with `AuthSignInOptions`'s `authFlowType` as `AuthFlowType.userPassword`, `AuthFlowType.customAuthWithoutSrp` or `AuthFlowType.customAuthWithSrp`. If you do not specify the `AuthFlowType` in `AuthSignInOptions`, the default flow (`AuthFlowType.userSRP`) will be used.

```kotlin
/**
 * Enum to represent AuthFlowType in AWS SDK.
 */

> public enum AuthFlowType {

Reviewer: Do we need this enum as each of this explained above?

Author: removed
